README.md, before:


:warning: **This repo is considered an early release, under active early development, and the APIs/features are subject to change.** :warning:

# VSCode extension for Ion 

VSCode extension (plugin) that supports the Ion data format.  

## Functionality 

* Syntax highlighting. 

## Development 

- Run `npm install` in this folder. This installs all necessary npm modules in both the client and server folder
- Open VS Code on this folder.
- Press Ctrl+Shift+B to compile the client and server.
- Switch to the Debug viewlet.
- Select `Launch Client` from the drop down.
- Run the launch config.
- If you want to debug the server as well use the launch configuration `Attach to Server`
- In the [Extension Development Host] instance of VSCode, open a document in 'plain text' language mode.
  - Type `j` or `t` to see `Javascript` and `TypeScript` completion.
  - Enter text content such as `AAA aaa BBB`. The extension will emit diagnostics for all words in all-uppercase.

## Running the Test

- Run `npm test`

Commit message:

documentation and version number bump (#64)
* Added ion-js API for error reporting.

* Added test suite for error checking.

* Error message for blob and clob.

* Fixed test case failure.

* Fixed test case failure.

* Put error checking test cases under test folder. Put IonText files under ion-js folder. Cleaned server.ts file.

* Put highlighting test cases under test folder. Updated for the latest vsocde=languageserver dependency.

* Deleted more comments.

* Deleted error message parsing functionality. Created test cases for timestamp.

* Added more test cases.

* Merged from remote master

* Merged from remote master

* Added test cases for formatting.

* Changed the range of textDocument for formatting. Added more test cases for formatting.

* Fixed a bug for the last commit: Comment out all the code in diagnostics.test.ts file.

* Added function to count the number of lines for formatting.

* Changed the way to get line number for formatting feature. Added more test cases for formatting.

* Added more test cases for formatting.

* Remove some test cases for formatting.

* Removed some test cases for formatting.

* Added more test cases for formatting.

* Changed version. Changed README.

* Changed the version in package-lock.json file. Changed README file.

* Forcing package-lock.json file to change. Changed README.

* Changed README.

README.md, after:


:warning: **This repo is considered an early release, under active early development, and the APIs/features are subject to change.** :warning:

# VSCode extension for Ion 

[VSCode extension (plugin)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=TheIonTeam.ion-extension) that supports the Ion data format.

## Functionality 

- **Syntax highlighting** 
    Colorize the Ion values in your document. 
-  **Error reporting** 
    Reports errors in the editor and the "Problems" tab. Currently supports whole document validation. 
- **Formatting** 
    Formats the whole document. Currently supports whole error-free document formatting. 
    
## Development 

- Run `npm install` in this folder. This installs all necessary npm modules in both the client and server folder
- Open VS Code on this folder.
- Press Ctrl+Shift+B to compile the client and server.
- Switch to the Debug viewlet.
- Select `Launch Client` from the drop down.
- Run the launch config.
- If you want to debug the server as well use the launch configuration `Attach to Server`

## Running the Test

- Run `npm test`
